anytime i interview somebody no
matter who they are you from pop
culture i want to know if they
have some didn't you credentials
almost everybody does they just
don't admit to it in any other
interview because they they
don't get any street cred for
doing so but I start talk that's
where the street critics found I
had to I check with Larry
Wilmore to see what is he a
check it up to you count
yourself a member of the gay
community I am but in different
ways that might spread so like a
musician I just like a magic
magicians do you know how to
deal with our guys and demystify
in the same way and then someone
because you have information
that most people don't have
right on purpose
correct withheld from exactly as
you can in fact this one of the
things Unix from Arthur C Clarke
there you go
any sufficiently advanced
technology yes that's exactly
right and a lot of a lot of
healing magic was technology and
a lot of techniques that
magicians used in the early days
even from things like mirrors
are technologically important
that's really important that
they told me there I always
perfect heart I'll always have a
deck of cards but this just
proves the heck yeah it's a yes
or regular deck it is always
have these are you know I love
you practice and that kind of
stuff I learned how to cut with
one hand and slowly but surely a
that's what it's called a
different version than the
camera consumer safety cover
like that you know that's the 60
heart who left like that he
becomes the Joker I don't know
how it's done
oh I'm sorry we have a joker
would you take you back and you
just been around that becomes
cards just change like the one
you have now is a good time
table they want to do this show